Add section on AI coding to CONTRIBUTING.md (#7093)
tursodatabase/turso: CONTRIBUTING.md

cargo bench --profile bench-profile --bench benchmark -- --profile-time=5
```

## Developing with AI coding agents

You're welcome to develop Turso with AI coding agents such as Claude Code, Codex, or OpenCode. Used well, they can help you explore the codebase, draft tests, and polish your contributions. To make the most of them — and to get your PRs merged — keep the following in mind.

We expect you to understand the code you submit. The best AI-assisted contributions come from people who treat the agent as a collaborator, not a substitute: you direct the work, review it critically, and own the result. A PR you can explain and defend is far more valuable than a large one you can't.

To give your PR the best chance of being merged:

* **Keep it small and focused.** Describe the change in your own words, or heavily edit any AI-generated summary so it reads naturally and accurately.

> * **Include test cases.** Verify that your tests actually FAIL without your changes — this is especially important when the tests are AI-generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Include regression tests.** Verify that your tests actually FAIL without your changes — this is especially important when the tests are AI-generated.
```

Reviewer: one more point:

```suggestion
* **Include regression tests.** Verify that your tests actually FAIL without your changes — this is especially important when the tests are AI-generated.
* **Do a self-review.** LLMs tend to make the same mistakes repeatedly: removing existing comments, adding verbose new ones, writing overly elaborate tests instead of using existing test helpers, etc. Always self-review your code before submitting - make sure it's correct and follows the existing code standards in this repo.
```
